- Telecomix International -


This small package contains three OpenVPN sample config files,
one Stunnel sample config file and a root certificate used on
the WNH darknet.

OpenVPN config files are respectively designed for the
following type of connection:
- direct connection to an OpenVPN server
- connection through stunnel (provides SSL encapsulation)
- connection through Obfsproxy (obfsuscates the traffic), or
  any other locally installed SOCKS proxy (can be Tor as well)



0. Required software - PLEASE READ FIRST
Select the versions that fit with your Operating System.
OpenVPN and Stunnel are most probably available as packages
for your Linux distribution. Obfsproxy probably not.

You can download their source code there:
- OpenVPN: http://openvpn.net/index.php/download.html
- Stunnel 4: http://stunnel.cybermirror.org/
- Obfsproxy:
  https://www.torproject.org/projects/obfsproxy-instructions.html.en

The 'stunnel', 'obfsproxy' and 'openvpn' commands should all
be available for execution from the command line.

On some distributions such as Debian and Ubuntu, 'stunnel' may
be called 'stunnel4'.



1. Direct connection
i. Edit openvpn-direct.conf and put your endpoint's IP and 
   port in the 'remote' parameter.

ii. Issue the command (as root):
    openvpn --config openvpn-direct.conf



2. Connection through stunnel
i. Edit stunnel.conf and put your endpoint's stunnel IP and
   port in the 'connect' parameter.

ii. Edit openvpn-stunnel.conf and put your endpoint's IP in the
    'route' line.

iii. Issue:
     stunnel stunnel.conf

iv. Issue (as root):
    openvpn --config openvpn-stunnel.conf



3. Connection through Obfsproxy
i. Edit openvpn-obfsproxy.conf and put your endpoint's IP and
   Obfsproxy port in the 'remote' line and its IP in the 'route'
   line.

ii. Issue:
    obfsproxy obfs2 socks 127.0.0.1:5050

iii. Issue (as root):
     openvpn --config openvpn-obfsproxy.conf



4. Hack it!
Feel free to adapt the configs to your needs. These are just
samples to help a bit with the basics :)
